docsource/admin/permissions.md, before:

﻿# Permissions
Permissions in Blazam differ from Active Directory in two major (and extremely helpful) ways.

| Feature | Active Directory | Blazam |
| ------- | ------------------------------------ | ------ |
| Reusable ACLs      | :fontawesome-regular-circle-xmark:{ .red } Each ACL is unique for each OU  | :fontawesome-regular-circle-check:{ .green } Create one type of access and reuse that list for any number of OUs |
| ACL Naming         | :fontawesome-regular-circle-xmark:{ .red } ACLs are simply a list of properties in the security tab with no real grouping or de-granularization | :fontawesome-regular-circle-check:{ .green } Named ACLs allow for quick identification of access and its source as well as allowing the creation of role-based ACLs |
| ACL inheritance    | :fontawesome-regular-circle-check:{ .green } ACLs at higher-level OUs propagate down except for overriding denies | :fontawesome-regular-circle-check:{ .green } Blazam behaves the same as Active Directory in this regard |

!!! info "TLDR"

    Blazam adds a layer of abstraction to Active Directory permissions. By including an `Access Level` layer between the OU permissions and the group assigned,
    you can create a single ACL rule and reuse it for as many groups on as many OUs as you'd like.

The `Access Levels` you define can be reused or combined to create exactly the configuration you desire.

!!! note

    Permissions that are applied inherit fully down the OU tree unless a `Deny` permission is set at a lower level.

!!! example

    A group `HR` could be given the `Access Level` `Read Users` (which allows only read access to user demographic fields)
    and the `Read Groups` `Access Level` to the OU `/Company` while also receiving `Rename Users` for the `/Company/Marketing` OU
    as well as the `Deny Group Read` `Access Level` for the `/Company/IT` OU.

    This will result in a member of `HR` being able to read user demographics and rename users in `/Company/Marketing` and read user demographics in
    `/Company/IT` while being able to read the groups a user is a member of, only if the group is not under the `/Company/IT` OU.

## Delegates
The core element of the permission system in Blazam is the "Delegate".

A "Delegate" can be any group or user.

Any "Delegate" added with any read permissions applied, or self-edit permissions enabled, will allow that user or members of that group to log into the application.

Nested group members are counted.

### Allow Password Reset
When enabled, this allows the delegate to reset passwords their own password if forgotten via the login screen.

The requirements for utilizing this feature are set below.

Users under multiple delegates with differing password reset requirements will have the strictest requirements applied.

Multiple requirements can be combined.

If MFA is enabled for the user, it will be required after the password reset process is complete.

#### Rquire Email
 
!!! note
     
     This requires that the application FQDN be set in the [Application Settings](settings/application.md) within Blazam. Email must also be configured for Blazam to send the reset email.

When enabled, this requires that the user have an email address in their Blazam profile. Note, this is pulled from 
Active Directory at first sync.

#### Require PIN
When enabled, this requires that the user provide their PIN (set in their Blazam profile) to utilize the password reset feature.

You can set a minimum PIN length in the application settings.

#### Require Security Questions
When enabled, this requires that the user answer their security questions (set in their Blazam profile) to utilize the password reset feature.

Users create three of their own questions and answers in their Blazam profile.

## Access Levels
Access Levels improve upon the default permission system found in Active Directory.

### Parameters
#### Name
You can name your Access Levels however you'd like.
#### Object Permissions
Permissions are split between different Active Directory object types. You can set different permissions
for groups, users, computers, contacts, printers, or OUs, or any combination therein.
#### Field Permissions
Under each object type allowed, you can choose which fields will be denied, readable, or editable.

### Group Membership Access
Group membership control in Blazam is tied to the group and read permissions.
#### Assign/Unassign Action
The delegate user must have Assign/Unassign action permissions provided to the parent group in order to assign users or groups to it.

The delegate must also have read access to the user being assigned or unassigned.

## Mappings
Mapping permissions is similar to default Active Directory permissions, but utilizes the powerful `Access Level`
component to ease and enhance the delegation process.

## Impersonation
As a super admin, you will be able to impersonate the application experience of other users.
This is extremely helpful when setting up permissions to verify the access you intended.

## Effective Permissions
An effective permission simulator is available to test `user`→`target` applied permissions without having to enter impersonation.

## Global Permission Settings
These permissions apply to all users and Active Directory search results.

### Allow Access Requests
Allow users to request group assign and/or unassign access to groups that a user has read access to but lacks those assignment
action permissions from within Blazam.

Upon request, a notification is sent to all `Super-Users` for approval or rejection. If approved, Blazam automatically assigns
access to the group for the user.

### Allow self access
Allows all users that can log into Blazam (anyone under Delegates) to have additional permissions applied to their
own Active Directory account within Blazam. The applied access is an additional `Access Level` with all the features it provides
applied only to their own accounts.

You could, for instance, allow additional fields to be read, like Employee ID.

You can provide edit access to phone numbers or home addresses for self-service of address changes and emergency notification
destinations.

You can allow a user to disable their own account if that is something people do.

Commit message:

Fix password reset docs typos and clarify requirements
Corrected "Rquire Email" to "Require Email" in navigation, headings, and links. Clarified password reset documentation for "Allow Password Reset," "Require Email," "Require PIN," and "Require Security Questions" to improve accuracy and user guidance. Updated search index and sitemap to reflect these changes. Adjusted workspace state files for new navigation and selection.

docsource/admin/permissions.md, after:

﻿# Permissions
Permissions in Blazam differ from Active Directory in two major (and extremely helpful) ways.

| Feature | Active Directory | Blazam |
| ------- | ------------------------------------ | ------ |
| Reusable ACLs      | :fontawesome-regular-circle-xmark:{ .red } Each ACL is unique for each OU  | :fontawesome-regular-circle-check:{ .green } Create one type of access and reuse that list for any number of OUs |
| ACL Naming         | :fontawesome-regular-circle-xmark:{ .red } ACLs are simply a list of properties in the security tab with no real grouping or de-granularization | :fontawesome-regular-circle-check:{ .green } Named ACLs allow for quick identification of access and its source as well as allowing the creation of role-based ACLs |
| ACL inheritance    | :fontawesome-regular-circle-check:{ .green } ACLs at higher-level OUs propagate down except for overriding denies | :fontawesome-regular-circle-check:{ .green } Blazam behaves the same as Active Directory in this regard |

!!! info "TLDR"

    Blazam adds a layer of abstraction to Active Directory permissions. By including an `Access Level` layer between the OU permissions and the group assigned,
    you can create a single ACL rule and reuse it for as many groups on as many OUs as you'd like.

The `Access Levels` you define can be reused or combined to create exactly the configuration you desire.

!!! note

    Permissions that are applied inherit fully down the OU tree unless a `Deny` permission is set at a lower level.

!!! example

    A group `HR` could be given the `Access Level` `Read Users` (which allows only read access to user demographic fields)
    and the `Read Groups` `Access Level` to the OU `/Company` while also receiving `Rename Users` for the `/Company/Marketing` OU
    as well as the `Deny Group Read` `Access Level` for the `/Company/IT` OU.

    This will result in a member of `HR` being able to read user demographics and rename users in `/Company/Marketing` and read user demographics in
    `/Company/IT` while being able to read the groups a user is a member of, only if the group is not under the `/Company/IT` OU.

## Delegates
The core element of the permission system in Blazam is the "Delegate".

A "Delegate" can be any group or user.

Any "Delegate" added with any read permissions applied, or self-edit permissions enabled, will allow that user or members of that group to log into the application.

Nested group members are counted.

### Allow Password Reset
When enabled, this allows the delegate to reset their own password if forgotten via the login screen.

The requirements for utilizing this feature are set below.

Users under multiple delegates with differing password reset requirements will have the strictest requirements applied.

Multiple requirements can be combined.

Users with password reset enabled will be able to optionally set any/all of the below requirements if they wish to do so, even if not required.

If MFA is enabled for the user, it will be required after the password reset process is complete.

#### Require Email
 
!!! note
     
     This requires that the application FQDN be set in the [Application Settings](settings/application.md) within Blazam. Email must also be configured for Blazam to send the reset email.

When enabled, this requires that the user have an email address in their Blazam profile. Note, this is pulled from 
Active Directory at first sync.

An email with a password reset link will be sent to the user's email address.

#### Require PIN
When enabled, this requires that the set a PIN in their Blazam profile to utilize the password reset feature.

You can also set a minimum PIN length.

#### Require Security Questions
When enabled, this requires that the user set their security questions in their Blazam profile to utilize the password reset feature.

Users create three of their own questions and answers in their Blazam profile.

## Access Levels
Access Levels improve upon the default permission system found in Active Directory.

### Parameters
#### Name
You can name your Access Levels however you'd like.
#### Object Permissions
Permissions are split between different Active Directory object types. You can set different permissions
for groups, users, computers, contacts, printers, or OUs, or any combination therein.
#### Field Permissions
Under each object type allowed, you can choose which fields will be denied, readable, or editable.

### Group Membership Access
Group membership control in Blazam is tied to the group and read permissions.
#### Assign/Unassign Action
The delegate user must have Assign/Unassign action permissions provided to the parent group in order to assign users or groups to it.

The delegate must also have read access to the user being assigned or unassigned.

## Mappings
Mapping permissions is similar to default Active Directory permissions, but utilizes the powerful `Access Level`
component to ease and enhance the delegation process.

## Impersonation
As a super admin, you will be able to impersonate the application experience of other users.
This is extremely helpful when setting up permissions to verify the access you intended.

## Effective Permissions
An effective permission simulator is available to test `user`→`target` applied permissions without having to enter impersonation.

## Global Permission Settings
These permissions apply to all users and Active Directory search results.

### Allow Access Requests
Allow users to request group assign and/or unassign access to groups that a user has read access to but lacks those assignment
action permissions from within Blazam.

Upon request, a notification is sent to all `Super-Users` for approval or rejection. If approved, Blazam automatically assigns
access to the group for the user.

### Allow self access
Allows all users that can log into Blazam (anyone under Delegates) to have additional permissions applied to their
own Active Directory account within Blazam. The applied access is an additional `Access Level` with all the features it provides
applied only to their own accounts.

You could, for instance, allow additional fields to be read, like Employee ID.

You can provide edit access to phone numbers or home addresses for self-service of address changes and emergency notification
destinations.

You can allow a user to disable their own account if that is something people do.
