docsource/admin/rules.md, before:

# Rules
Rules provide an additional level of automation. With them,
business rules and conformity standards can be applied. With the use of a custom Active
Directory schema, unlimited functionality is possible.

!!! info

    Rules are blocked from executing on the account provided to Blazam.
   
    Objects that are a member of excluded groups in the Global Rule Settings will also be skipped.

## Rule Triggers
There are two types of rules in Blazam: Event-Based and Scheduled.

### Event-Based Rules
Event-based triggers fire when the object type of the rule is set to `All` or matches the
changed entry's type and all attribute filters applied are met.

#### Trigger Types

* Assign
* Unassign
* Create
* Delete
* Locked Out
* Modify
* Password Changed
* Disable
* Enable

### Scheduled Rules

Scheduled rules run on a schedule, of course.

To determine which Active Directory objects apply to the rule's
filter, the filter is converted to an LDAP query and polled against
AD. The returned objects are then verified a second time before applying
any rule actions to the object.

Currently, rules can only be scheduled to run daily.
Depending on the response to this feature, additional
scheduling flexibility may be added in the future.

!!! danger

    Scheduled rules are powerful tools. Configurations exist that could,
    in very rare circumstances, disable every domain account other than the one
    provided to Blazam. This would be a very bad day.

    The following combination of conditions warrants precautions for this:

    * The Application Base DN is the domain root
    * The rule filter could apply to all domain admins
    * The action disables or otherwise incapacitates the account

## Global Rule Settings
Global rule settings allow the disabling of all rules and exclusion of execution of Active Directory objects in specific groups.

## Rule Filters
Filters allow filtering against any default or custom Active
Directory field.

Leaving a filter blank results in the rule running for every
entry triggered.

!!! danger

    Leaving a scheduled rule's filter blank will lead to every applicable
    object type in Active Directory under the Application Root DN
    being acted on.

### Operators
Not all operators are available for all attribute types.

Operators can be inverted with the Negate checkbox.

* Equals
* Starts With
* Ends With
* Contains
* Before Now
* After Now
* Historical Time Frame
* Future Time Frame

## Rule Actions
Rule actions allow Blazam to modify Active Directory objects.

* Modify Field
* Send Email (Not Yet Implemented)
* Assign
* Unassign
* Lockout
* Unlock
* Enable
* Disable
* Move

## After Execution
A setting is available to prevent execution of remaining rules if a
rule should conflict with the intent of a lower priority rule.

## Matches Preview
When viewing rules, a matches button will show the matched Active Directory
objects for that rule's filters when clicked. This allows visibility into
what objects will be affected when the rule is triggered/run.

## Rule Timestamps
Rules show the last triggered and last executed times.
### Last Triggered
The last time a matching event within Blazam occurs, or the scheduled time
is reached.
### Last Executed
The last time a rule performed an action on an Active Directory object that
matched the rule's filters.

## Manual Execution
Scheduled rules allow for on-demand execution to process the
rule before the scheduled time.

Commit message:

Clarify and expand docs on Global Rule Settings
Updated documentation to add and clarify "Global Rule Settings" for rules automation. Improved explanations of default group exclusions, added customization details, and updated navigation and search index for better discoverability. Fixed permissions doc link to Application Settings. Enhanced warnings to prevent unintended rule execution on privileged accounts.

docsource/admin/rules.md, after:

# Rules
Rules provide an additional level of automation. With them,
business rules and conformity standards can be applied. With the use of a custom Active
Directory schema, unlimited functionality is possible.

!!! info

    Rules are blocked from executing on the account provided to Blazam.

    Objects that are a member of excluded groups in the Global Rule Settings will also be skipped.

    By default, the Domain Adminstrators, Entrerprise Adminstrators, and Domain Controllers groups are excluded from rule execution but can be customized.
   
## Global Rule Settings
Global rule settings allow the disabling of all rules and exclusion of execution of Active Directory objects in specific groups.

## Rule Triggers
There are two types of rules in Blazam: Event-Based and Scheduled.

### Event-Based Rules
Event-based triggers fire when the object type of the rule is set to `All` or matches the
changed entry's type and all attribute filters applied are met.

#### Trigger Types

* Assign
* Unassign
* Create
* Delete
* Locked Out
* Modify
* Password Changed
* Disable
* Enable

### Scheduled Rules

Scheduled rules run on a schedule, of course.

To determine which Active Directory objects apply to the rule's
filter, the filter is converted to an LDAP query and polled against
AD. The returned objects are then verified a second time before applying
any rule actions to the object.

Currently, rules can only be scheduled to run daily.
Depending on the response to this feature, additional
scheduling flexibility may be added in the future.

!!! danger

    Scheduled rules are powerful tools. Configurations exist that could,
    in very rare circumstances, disable every domain account other than the one
    provided to Blazam. This would be a very bad day.

    The following combination of conditions warrants precautions for this:

    * The Application Base DN is the domain root
    * The rule filter could apply to all domain admins
    * The action disables or otherwise incapacitates the account
    * No excluded groups are set in the Global Rule Settings


## Rule Filters
Filters allow filtering against any default or custom Active
Directory field.

Leaving a filter blank results in the rule running for every
entry triggered.

!!! danger

    Leaving a scheduled rule's filter blank will lead to every applicable
    object type in Active Directory under the Application Root DN
    being acted on.

### Operators
Not all operators are available for all attribute types.

Operators can be inverted with the Negate checkbox.

* Equals
* Starts With
* Ends With
* Contains
* Before Now
* After Now
* Historical Time Frame
* Future Time Frame

## Rule Actions
Rule actions allow Blazam to modify Active Directory objects.

* Modify Field
* Send Email (Not Yet Implemented)
* Assign
* Unassign
* Lockout
* Unlock
* Enable
* Disable
* Move

## After Execution
A setting is available to prevent execution of remaining rules if a
rule should conflict with the intent of a lower priority rule.

## Matches Preview
When viewing rules, a matches button will show the matched Active Directory
objects for that rule's filters when clicked. This allows visibility into
what objects will be affected when the rule is triggered/run.

## Rule Timestamps
Rules show the last triggered and last executed times.
### Last Triggered
The last time a matching event within Blazam occurs, or the scheduled time
is reached.
### Last Executed
The last time a rule performed an action on an Active Directory object that
matched the rule's filters.

## Manual Execution
Scheduled rules allow for on-demand execution to process the
rule before the scheduled time.
